Come on, don't listen to this old thing!
Who dares to give up resistance
I'm not done with you
The things that the Japanese army is too afraid of death are all waste
Butler Wan, Mr. Nie, is dead
Our people don't want to resist anymore
What should I do?
Tell me don't run around
Ah!
What kind of life?
Say I was wrong, forgive me
Jiaqi
Jiaqi, I was wrong, I shouldn't have done such a thing.
I shouldn't have done this to you.
You're still going to be good as before
Right, robot?
recruitment
Hey, how many of you?
Throw them both out for me
Wrong brother wrong
China is not simple
We can't let him go.
up
I know you and dare to move
Let me meet you.
I am the underground emperor of Amami
The minister has two hands
What a pity!
You two together are no match for me
Man
You and I have worked together for many years
This is the first time I've seen you cheat
Really impressive
How many secrets do you have?
Chu Guohui, Chu Guohui
Just you frog in the well
Amitabha
How can you know how vast the outside world is?
You deserve to know my secret too
Hahahaha
As expected of someone from Jianghe Group
Team Zhang
long